Let's start with calculating the total tip.
Well, to calculate the total tip, first of all, we will need the Enter Bill White, the amount of
the bill, and we need to multiply that by the percentage of the tip that the user wants to give.
That means all of that will have to be driven inside of our own value changed set of a slider because
the idea is once something is entered to say 100, so we will always have one for this split by state.
And so the driving method here, the driving mechanism, if you will, is going to be the slider.
So we are going to dynamically as the slider slides left or right or increasing the percentage we want
to give.
We're going to also calculate the tip amount.
So inside of our slider here, this is where we are going to say something like this.
First of all, we need to create a state that's going to say tip amount, state that value.
Notice we haven't created this yet.
It's going to be equal to.
Well, it's going to be equal to a function that will calculate the total tips.
I'm going to say calculate total tip.
Which will require us to pass a total bill that value.
And the tip percentage tip percentage like this.
OK, so let's go ahead and create for the tip amount.
So going up again, still inside of our function here.
Foul tip amount state to remember the total state of and it's going to be a double because that's what
we're going to be expecting.
So 0.0 to start with going down here, we still have to create this calculate total tip.
So what we can do here can actually go click right there and say create function, calculate total tip.
And you can see it's created at the bottom here.
And before we do that, let's set a same value for the arguments named argument here.
And let's say total bill instead of string, let's say double, because that's what we need.
We have to transform that into double A. percentage.
It's fine as an entity.
All right.
So here I'm going to say return, and I'm going to check in and say if total bill amount is greater
than one because we don't want to start looking to calculate it.
His calculator total tip if total bill is not greater than one.
And in this case, it's a total bill not to string.
I just want to make sure that it is not empty such.
If that's the case, I'm going to put a new line, let's say, total bill, in this case, I'm going
to multiply this by tip percentage and let's divide that by 100.
So we get the right value.
And let's say else, you know the case, I'm just going to return 0.2 zero.
So what we're saying here, we're going to calculate total bill only after the bill is greater than
one and total bill is not empty and then get that total bill by about two percentage, which we're going
to be passing there and we divide that by 100.
In no case, we're just going to say return zero, that zero in any other case, we're just going to
return 0.0 because remember expects to return it double.
OK, let's go where we are calling this.
And of course, we're going to have some issues here.
First of all, let's go ahead and just add the named parameters here just to make it more clear to total
that and this is going to be a percentage or two percent is equal to that.
OK, this is good to see that we know exactly what we're passing.
Either way would have worked, but named parameters or arguments are really good.
All right.
So we have an issue here because we need in fact to have over.
It's going to say change parameter or build type function to return a string.
What we want actually is to make this say not to double because that's what we the value that we want
it to Typekit anyway.
So now we have our tip amount, which is going to be this string here.
It should be changing accordingly as we slide left or right or increase or decrease our tip percentage.
Where is this going to be called?
We've got up here.
We can see it's going to be called here.
This is where our tip amount should be called.
So let's go ahead and get rid of that.
And I give space, say tip amount.
State get that value.
Let's see if this is true.
Let's go ahead and run.
OK, there it is.
And of course, we're going to have to enter, let's say, 100.
It's a nice number.
And then let's see if this works.
So as you start increasing the file, you can see there are two or three two percent.
The total tip is going to be $30, right?
Very good.
So this is indeed working.
If I go to zero, I can see, well, there's no tip.
So there is zero dollars that we need to add for our tip.
OK.
Very simple.
Now one thing we can do, of course, because things are getting a little bit chaotic and that we have
all our code inside of main activity and this is not a good thing.
And so what do we need to do is let's go back to a project and I'm going to create yet another package.
So new package packages called this utils or you tail like this?
And inside here, I'm going to create a.
File cut in class or file.
I'm going to call this util.
OK, so here I'm just going to go ahead and get that function.
This calculator function and because these functions are treated.
And I'm going to add there.
And going back to Maine, I'm going to have some issues, I'm going to click here.
It's going to say I don't know what to calculate.
The total tip is that means we need to import so alt or option, enter whichever way you want.
And voila, now things are good.
So we have a factor, a little bit of our code.
All right.
There it is.
We are now able to calculate our tip.